Introduce Cookbook (#424)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/cookbook/register-scheduled-triggers.md

---
title: "Register Scheduled Triggers | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: "Learn how to register a scheduled trigger in Iroha."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: "Learn how to register scheduled triggers in Iroha."
```
